New FAQs page (#365)
metal3-io/metal3-io.github.io: _faqs/what-is-ipxe.md

---
question: What is iPXE?
---

> The iPXE project develops firmware for booting machines over the network. It’s a more feature-rich alternative to the well known PXE and can be used as an add-on on top of PXE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The iPXE project develops firmware for booting machines over the network. It's a more feature-rich alternative to the well known PXE and can be used as an add-on on top of PXE.
```
